Can a woman be a journalist?
No, it's dangerous.
Look at the manual.
This happened when a
woman tried to be a journalist.
What about driving a car?
Driving a car!?
This is what happened
when a woman drove a car.
Can a woman ask questions?
Questions?
I think it's dangerous.
Ah.
What are you doing?
We're driving.
Women can drive.
Don't cry.
Don't cry. Don't cry.
- It's okay.
- You can't drive!
You can't drive!
- I can drive. I can.
- You can't drive!
- It's impossible woman to drive!
- No, no.
- This is...
- No, no, no!
- You are a man dressed like a woman.
- No. No.
Help me!
It's a woman driving the car!
I'm Tutar
- Really?
- Nice to meet you, Tutar.
Nice meet you.
Do you drive a car?
- Yes.
- Oh, absolutely.
- Sure.
- More than one.
- Well, not at the same time.
- What?!
- We drive a car. We own cars.
So the mans sometimes tell lies?
Yes. A-A lot.
Hmm.
Look there is a woman driving a car
That is not a woman.
That is Dog the Bounty Hunter.